Eyes, you received the bill today, right?
Where is that concubine?
He went to attend the wedding
Anyway, now the yellow car material gift has been introduced.
One month later, find a gift and a wedding ceremony
Mom, you are cheating on your marriage
What happened to me being deceived into marriage?
He is a concubine, even if she is deceived into marriage
You can take me again
Mom, after all, she can sell Yun Ding Farewell Book and compilation
Even without her, we would still be rich.
Not ignorant either
What happened to having money?
Eye, you are the definition of beauty in China
Mom can count on you to marry Duoquan Renshi
marry a concubine
Can we still count on our boss?
You are not left, Yang Er, the alley boss
I really don’t admit that you were deceived by Zhan Tiancheng.
what do you mean
What's this
Zhan Tiancheng's Dai Guan Zhang Dan
It turns out that he was able to buy it before
Genting farewell book and military strength
They are all asking me to buy and borrow them, so do I.
Only later did I know Yang Er
I'm worried about you in the future
It would be very difficult to follow him.
I'll just say it
He is so angry
How can you be rich?
Buying a car or a house
It turns out they are all like you on the street
why is he always once
You want to lie to me once
Since I'm playing with my trust
You still don’t agree with things